http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/humor/longtime.dve.txt
It's a bitch, {fuck} George W. -- can't be true --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/4minutes.mad.txt
Don't be a pri--hey--Madonna
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/4minutes.mad.txt
Don't be a pri--hey--Madonna
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kmd/mr_hood/hard_wit.kmd.txt
-----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kmd/mr_hood/hard_wit.kmd.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kmd/mr_hood/hard_wit.kmd.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kmd/mr_hood/hard_wit.kmd.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kmd/mr_hood/hard_wit.kmd.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/theounit/718/paycheck.the.txt
It's all right ----- yyyyeaaaaaaaaah!
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/2_pac/ru_still/enemies.2pc.txt
----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/2_pac/ru_still/enemies.2pc.txt
-----------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/2_pac/ru_still/enemies.2pc.txt
----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/2_pac/ru_still/enemies.2pc.txt
----------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/2_pac/ru_still/enemies.2pc.txt
----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/tcquest/beats/the_hop.tcq.txt
You ------asses don't want this
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ag/thedirty/ishims.gee.txt
Got more hot lines than Tac----phone, ask Tone
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ag/thedirty/ishims.gee.txt
Open you up with-- Gem---stars---- your mentals
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/ladies.ali.txt
--repeat 1X--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/ladies.ali.txt
--repeat 1X--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/ladies.ali.txt
--repeat 1X--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/ladies.ali.txt
--repeat 1X--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/knew_rm.yah.txt
I s---- over in my lex and see you drive by in your chevettes
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/abovelaw/twreveal/city_of.atl.txt
In the City of Angels --------------> Big Hutch
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/abovelaw/twreveal/city_of.atl.txt
In the City of Angels --------------> Big Hutch
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/abovelaw/twreveal/city_of.atl.txt
In the City of Angels --------------> Big Hutch
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/abovelaw/twreveal/city_of.atl.txt
In the City of Angels --------------> Big Hutch
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/all_frum/tha_i/get_bang.all.txt
-----on da phone-----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/atmos/7travels/keyslife.atm.txt
See it's simple--simple, it's not that I want to make it ripple--ripple
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/atmos/7travels/keyslife.atm.txt
I'm stressed--stressed, but most of 'em would never guess--never guess
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/atmos/7travels/keyslife.atm.txt
It's all true--it's all true not good but I know it'll do--it'll do
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/atmos/7travels/keyslife.atm.txt
I smile--smile, tired, I walked a thousand miles--miles
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/atmos/whenlife/musicbox.atm.txt
--Turn that Buick off--http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/beastie/ill_comm/together.bst.txt
Adrock -- and I've workin on my game/MCA -- cuz life is taxing
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/big_pun/capital/beware.pun.txt
 --Mobb Deep sample--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/blk_moon/eclipse/pressure.blm.txt
---- All ya niggaz is bait, I'm so hard, all on my grizzy
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/blk_moon/eclipse/stonediz.blm.txt
Stoned is the way ---- of the walk
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/blk_moon/war_zone/one_two.blm.txt
Aiyo One-Two---- Redman
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/boogiedp/ghetto/blueprnt.bdp.txt
--Bloo-- and the target is hit
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/boogiedp/ghetto/blueprnt.bdp.txt
--Bloo-- another shell hits the ground
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/boogiedp/ghetto/blueprnt.bdp.txt
--Bloo Bloo-- the title comes after
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/boogiedp/ghetto/blueprnt.bdp.txt
--One and Two and Three and Four--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/boogiedp/ghetto/bobobo.bdp.txt
He said what's that word you n----s use, ya frontin?
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/boogiedp/ghetto/bobobo.bdp.txt
So I as one of these uppity n----s
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/bootcamp/lststand/hegaveus.bcc.txt
----show a quarter past midnight
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/boss/gangstaz/dontgive.bss.txt
-----BO$$ 
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/boss/gangstaz/dontgive.bss.txt
----Dee 
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/boss/gangstaz/dontgive.bss.txt
----BO$$ 
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/boss/gangstaz/dontgive.bss.txt
----Dee 
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/b_rhymes/big_bang/goldmine.brm.txt
'member that -- blast that three atcha -- hide in the wall
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/b_rhymes/coming/my_thing.brm.txt
Put your head to bed -- let me do my thing -- nuff said
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/cnn/reunion/q_finest.cnn.txt
Yo stolen car -- top down, on point -- real route
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/cnn/reunion/q_finest.cnn.txt
Set it off -- thug it out, pull a heist -- peel out
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/cnn/reunion/q_finest.cnn.txt
Fingerprints -- ain't none, black mask -- no face
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/cnn/reunion/q_finest.cnn.txt
Cash flow -- no sweat, Jakes come -- no trace
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/casual/he_think/we_dont.cas.txt
------? ------? -----?
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/gottaget/message.chb.txt
On Pokey's burger -- everything on it -- even penis
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/gottaget/nextshit.chb.txt
On Pokey's burger -- everything on it -- even penis
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Clear the deck--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Clear the deck--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Clear the deck--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Clear the deck--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Clear the deck--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Clear the deck--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Clear the deck--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Clear the deck--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Clear the deck--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Aa-aaaa--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chubb_rk/the_mind/clearthe.chb.txt
--Mc's go run like a bomb threat--http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/niggativ.chk.txt
--Goin' down, diggy diggy down--    ---Method Man
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/niggativ.chk.txt
--Goin' down, diggy diggy down--    ---Method Man
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Goodness gracious--    -->  B.I.G.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Gettin' money--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Tha papers--           -->  B.I.G.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Gettin' money--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Get paid--             -->  B.I.G.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Goodness gracious--    -->  B.I.G.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Gettin' money--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Tha papers--           -->  B.I.G.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Gettin' money--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Get paid--             -->  B.I.G.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Goodness gracious--    -->  B.I.G.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Gettin' money--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Tha papers--           -->  B.I.G.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Gettin' money--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/paid.chk.txt
--Get paid--             -->  B.I.G.http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Now whooooo--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--East to the....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Who they least expected--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Now whooooo--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--East to the....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Who they least expected--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Now whooooo--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--East to the....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Who they least expected--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Now whooooo--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--East to the....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Who they least expected--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Now whooooo--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Who they least expected--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Now whooooo--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--East to the....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Who they least expected--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Now whooooo--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--East to the....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Who they least expected--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Now whooooo--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--East to the....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Who they least expected--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Now whooooo--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--East to the....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--It's the underdog--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Who they least expected--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chuck_d/autobio/underdog.chk.txt
--Live from New York--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/companyf/funcrush/definite.flw.txt
E-L dash, P is servin ----- we smash
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/coolio/paradise/exercise.coo.txt
[Cool] Yeah -- E-40, Coolio, the 40 Thevz -- my nigga Kam, god damn
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/coolio/paradise/sumpin.coo.txt
-- Chorus --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/coolio/paradise/sumpin.coo.txt
-- Chorus --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/coolio/paradise/sumpin.coo.txt
-- Chorus --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/coolio/paradise/sumpin.coo.txt
-- Chorus extended, fade out --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mack_crg/funk/real_raw.cgm.txt
I'm grotesque -- FUCK IT -- girls still rub my chest
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/cypress/bside/canilive.cyp.txt
Can I live? -- Can I live?   <--[4x]
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/cypress/bside/canilive.cyp.txt
[BR] Can I live -- Can I live?  <--[4x]
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/cypress/bside/cubekill.cyp.txt
I never trust ya --Cube's "Can't trust 'em"--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/da_young/somethin/pssdamic.yns.txt
I strike back with the mic --and track--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/da_young/somethin/pssdamic.yns.txt
--- somethin --- and make things clear
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/da_young/somethin/yyatrin.yns.txt
Like -- that I'm -- to ya
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/da_young/somethin/yyatrin.yns.txt
-- used to pay -- visit -- what is it
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danadane/withfame/cinder.dne.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danadane/withfame/cinder.dne.txt
------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danadane/withfame/cinder.dne.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danadane/withfame/cinder.dne.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danadane/withfame/cinder.dne.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/das_efx/hlditdwn/ready_to.das.txt
(*Ready to rock rough rhymes*----> Redman) Yeah
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/das_efx/sewaside/bak.das.txt
I bust my tactics, I'm sharper than a f----- axe-iss
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/das_efx/sewaside/bak.das.txt
Word is bond, I'm on some nuke ----, new ---- like this
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/das_efx/sewaside/bak.das.txt
You ---- in, messiah did it, but y'all can keep that
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/epmd/personal/boon_dox.epm.txt
No static, ---- Uncle Sam, I got mad loot
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/epmd/personal/chump.epm.txt
I ain't going out on some bull----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ed_og/life_of/father.edg.txt
Or who you are----fool, you are his daddy
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ed_og/life_of/father.edg.txt
The way your mother raised ya----now, wouldn't that amaze ya?
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/eightmjg/coming/mr_big.mjg.txt
        "Hello?" -- "Yo Eight, be the fuck aroung 3" --"Aight!"
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/eminem/curtain/stanlive.mnm.txt
Sincerely yours, Stan -- P.S. -- we should be together too
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/esham/dflowerz/anystyle.esh.txt
Man--I got a half ounce of Afghan--fuck that
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/flipmode/imperial/spittin.flp.txt
--MORE--(82%)                
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/fcutlass/bullshit/cypher_3.fct.txt
	at the dro-dro-drop of a dime ba-----baby
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/freddie/industry/ofmylife.fox.txt
--Freddie Foxxx-- --Let me tell you--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/freddie/industry/ofmylife.fox.txt
--Who's the real divine?-- --You like that--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/freddie/industry/ofmylife.fox.txt
--Freddie Foxxx-- --Let me tell you--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/fullclip.gsr.txt
--Feel the realness--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/fullclip.gsr.txt
--In this business of rep--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/fullclip.gsr.txt
--Go ahead--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/fullclip.gsr.txt
--Full clip--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/fullclip.gsr.txt
--Do you wanna mess with this?--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/fullclip.gsr.txt
--Gang Starr--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/fullclip.gsr.txt
--I'm one of the best yet--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/fullclip.gsr.txt
--I'm nice like that--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/fullclip.gsr.txt
--In this business of rep--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/fullclip.gsr.txt
*repeat, change last line to: --so I suggest you take a rest--*
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/militia2.gsr.txt
--The illest-- --Realest-- --Representin--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/militia2.gsr.txt
--Bringin the rukkus-- --Let it be known--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/fullclip/militia2.gsr.txt
--The illest-- --Realest-- --Word up--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gngstarr/no_more/be_free.gsr.txt
"Let your conscience be free" --> Erick Sermon <-- "Relax your mind"
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/getoboys/grip_it/sellout.gtb.txt
No Sell out!! ------> Scarface
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/getoboys/grip_it/sellout.gtb.txt
No Sell out!! ------> Scarface
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/getoboys/grip_it/sellout.gtb.txt
FIGHT THE POWER!!       -------> Public Enemy
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/getoboys/grip_it/sellout.gtb.txt
No Sell out!! ---------------------> Scarface
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/getoboys/grip_it/sellout.gtb.txt
No Sell out!! ---------------------> Scarface
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/getoboys/grip_it/sellout.gtb.txt
No Sell out!! ---------------------> Scarface
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/getoboys/grip_it/sellout.gtb.txt
No Sell out!! ---------------------> Scarfacehttp://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nfl_jams/fastlife.nfl.txt
Blowin up the fireworks and the n----z ambitions
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/grvdigaz/6ftdeep/trippin.gdz.txt
86 on the strip, and yo' my hands was -------,
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/grvdigaz/6ftdeep/trippin.gdz.txt
the reaper, the keeper, my niggaz let's get--------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/grvdigaz/6ftdeep/trippin.gdz.txt
----------- i put the high on the stimuli,
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/grvdigaz/6ftdeep/trippin.gdz.txt
I'm in a----.......Uhhhh....I can't escape it,
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/grvdigaz/6ftdeep/trippin.gdz.txt
But like a dope fiend character I'm ------,
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/grvdigaz/6ftdeep/trippin.gdz.txt
Life of the-----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/halfamil/dahustle/izzerb.mil.txt
Nature -- Half-A-Mill -- puff puff
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/bounce.cub.txt
---"Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can ya"---{repeat}
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/bounce.cub.txt
---"Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can ya"---{repeat}http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/gotta_be.cub.txt
--baby--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/gotta_be.cub.txt
It's got to be insanity --because I like what you're doing to me--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/gotta_be.cub.txt
But most of my money see it's all legit --baby--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/gotta_be.cub.txt
It's got to be insanity --because I like what you're doing to me--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/gotta_be.cub.txt
It's got to be insanity --because I like what you're doing to me--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/record.cub.txt
--for this man here, that can't no nigga stand near--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/roll_all.cub.txt
---I got a full tank of unleaded--- {repeat}
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/roll_all.cub.txt
---I got a full tank of unleaded---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/roll_all.cub.txt
---BOOM, BAM, GOD, DAMN!---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/roll_all.cub.txt
---I got a full tank of unleaded---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/roll_all.cub.txt
---I had a full tank of unleaded--- {repeat}http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--when i'm big i wanna be a thug--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--Cuz you bad guy!--	I'm the nigga of the century
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--The diamond scruff!--	All you niggas better mention me
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--Me that's who!--	It ain't no mystery
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--You better mention me!--	I'm the nigga of the century
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--O - K A Y !!!--		All you niggas better mention me
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--Me that's who!--	        It ain't no mystery
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--Cuz you bad guy!--	I'm the nigga of the century
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--The diamond scruff!--	All you niggas better mention me
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--Me that's who!--	It ain't no mystery
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--You better mention me!--	I'm the nigga of the century
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--O - K A Y !!!--		All you niggas better mention me
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--Me that's who!--	        It ain't no mystery
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--Cuz you bad guy!--	I'm the nigga of the century
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--The diamond scruff!--	All you niggas better mention me
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--Me that's who!--	It ain't no mystery
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--You better mention me!--	I'm the nigga of the century
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--O - K A Y !!!--		All you niggas better mention me
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/thenigga.cub.txt
--Me that's who!--	        It ain't no mystery
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_cube/volume_2/you_aint.cub.txt
--You ain't got to lie ta kick it--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_t/og/new_jack.ict.txt
Why?  I'd rather be a New Jack-----Hustler
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_t/og/new_jack.ict.txt
God damn----you got me sinkin in quicksand.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ice_t/seventh/valuable.ict.txt
------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/inf_mass/1991/lalasong.inf.txt
makin out ---???--- your skin
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/inf_mass/1991/lalasong.inf.txt
I'm like your --?-- , we don't need no witness
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/icposse/carnage/flag.icp.txt
Yeah----But you know I chill
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rebelins/un_subst/hyper.dck.txt
"Check--check--check--check the bangin sounds that I invent...
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rebelins/un_subst/hyper.dck.txt
Check--check--check--check--check--check...
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rebelins/un_subst/hyper.dck.txt
Check the bangin--the bangin--the bangin...
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/jigga/theblack/psa_int.jyz.txt
  -- "Le Album Noir" - "The Black Album" --http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/jigga/theblack/threat.jyz.txt
R. -- I. -- P.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/jeru/wrath/cowboys.jru.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/jeru/wrath/cowboys.jru.txt
------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/jeru/wrath/cowboys.jru.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/jeru/wrath/cowboys.jru.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/jhnforte/poly_sci/they_got.jhn.txt
Snappin' necks-n-----Charging the mob for our protection
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_priest/wal_reed/kill_man.kpr.txt
---It's Killah Man---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_priest/wal_reed/kill_man.kpr.txt
---It's Killah Man---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_priest/wal_reed/kill_man.kpr.txt
---It's Killah Man---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_priest/wal_reed/kill_man.kpr.txt
---It's Killah Man---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]	 Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/elvis/space.koo.txt
[woman's voice]  Caution -- warning -- overload
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/k_keith/lost2/iwantyou.kth.txt
I want you -- I want you, I want you -- I want you-hooo
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kriskros/young/livandie.kkr.txt
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kurious/monkey/spell_it.kur.txt
My ? ? -- DON'T DRIVE DRUNK -- I'm skiddin
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kurupt/streetz/cannons.rpt.txt
and I did -- now it's time to split -- get nigga get
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/llcoolj/mr_smith/shotyarm.clj.txt
Some ---- kids feeling guilty bout the ----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/lil_jon/kings_of/get_low.jon.txt
Brrr dum dum dum---dum da da da da dum---Brrrrrrrmmmmm
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/lil_jon/kings_of/get_low.jon.txt
Brrr dum dum dum---dum da da da da dum---Brrrrrrrmmmmm
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/lilwayne/carter_2/imadboy.wyn.txt
Shake her--tape her--waist up
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/lotug/keepers/after.ltg.txt
(I'm after the gold then after that the platnium -----> Redman
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/lotug/res/take_dat.ltg.txt
with some Chinese broad named -- Sum Dum Hoe -- what?
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mop/firstfam/4whateva.mop.txt
--Crown Heights-- "Thought I'd remind y'all"
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mop/firstfam/4whateva.mop.txt
--East New York-- "Thought I'd remind y'all"
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mop/firstfam/4whateva.mop.txt
*scratching* --Brooklyn-- "Thought I'd remind y'all"http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mop/firstfam/part2.mop.txt
Holdin it down ----> Billy Danze
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mop/firstfam/part2.mop.txt
Phony ass rappers ----> Guru
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mop/firstfam/part2.mop.txt
Dead serious ----> ?? 
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mop/firstfam/part2.mop.txt
Finish em ----> Lil' Fame
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mop/firstfam/part2.mop.txt
(Is this hiphop) Hell no this is war ----> Billy Danze
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mop/firstfam/part2.mop.txt
Heavy artillery, in my vicinty ----> Lil' Fame
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mc_ren/reincar/america.ren.txt
The pen' s look good, nigga day to take it ------> Bigg Rocc
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mac_mall/illegal2/with_me.mac.txt
Some say the [?? ---- fell out ??] 'cause niggas get skunked out
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mac_mall/illegal2/with_me.mac.txt
And everybody ain't your partner so [?? - ---- --- ---- ??]
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mastaase/slaughta/big_east.ase.txt
I'm laughin'-- ha ha! -- it's fun to watch you weep as
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mastaase/slaughta/big_east.ase.txt
I'm bashin' --BREAKIN'-- I'll fry you like bacon.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nfl_jams/the_game.nfl.txt
S--t locked down, like my n----z out in prison
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/method/prequel/never_hb.mth.txt
-- beat drops --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/dancewit.jon.txt
They could never see you ---- Doug Fresh and Missjones
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mobbdeep/on_earth/long_run.mbd.txt
Fuck a ----- Keith Murray and his whole clique
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mobbdeep/on_earth/long_run.mbd.txt
You fuckin immigrant ------ for two cent
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mobbdeep/archives/long_run.mbd.txt
Fuck a ----- Keith Murray and his whole click
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mobbdeep/archives/long_run.mbd.txt
You fuckin immigrant ------ for two cent
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/dj_muggs/grand/destruct.mug.txt
Yeah... (B4 ---- now at six --- C4)http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/nas/disciple/our_hero.nas.txt
         yeah yeah -- And I'm outta here.  A-ha-ha -- PEACE."
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/noreaga/gods/fullmode.nor.txt
-----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ol_dirty/osirus/dirtyrun.odb.txt
It's Dirty Run, it's Dirty Run -- "Run" -- Run-DMC sample
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/outkast/aquemini/skew_it.otk.txt
I'm a star -- I'd rather be a comet by far -- rrrahhh!
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/outkast/atliens/extra.otk.txt
(Know what I'm saying--Like that--Yeah)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/outkast/atliens/extra.otk.txt
(Out of this world--Things like that--Yo)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/prinstar/prin_is/superfan.pri.txt
Best protect--nothin--ain't nothin more to protect
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/prinstar/prin_is/yougetme.pri.txt
Anyway as I was saying before my screen name is much better than yours, its' -----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pb_enemy/fear_of/fightthe.pbe.txt
        But he never meant ---- to me you see
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pb_enemy/fear_of/fightthe.pbe.txt
        Mother---- him and John Wayne
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pb_enemy/poison/hereigo.pbe.txt
Here i go ---- there you go
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pb_enemy/poison/hereigo.pbe.txt
Here i go ---- there you go
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pb_enemy/yo_bum/pe_no1.pbe.txt
one, one, one one ----> KRS One
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pb_enemy/yo_bum/pe_no1.pbe.txt
Hip-Hop ----> KRS One
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/whosthat.rky.txt
Like, we seened it like a ---------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/whosthat.rky.txt
What's love got to do with -----?
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rza/birth_of/koto_cho.rza.txt
Lightin' bolts ---- by writin' quotes 
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ras_kass/sl_onice/reel.rsk.txt
Life's a bitch named monogamy -- you only get one --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/richie_r/veteran/do_gs_go.rcr.txt
----------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/run_dmc/tougher/soul_to.dmc.txt
"I'm the king of.." <--> "ROCK", "I'm the king of.." <--> "ROCK"
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/run_dmc/tougher/soul_to.dmc.txt
"Soulllllll!" <--> "ROCK AND.." <--> "ROCK"
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/run_dmc/tougher/soul_to.dmc.txt
"I'm the king of.." <--> "ROCK", "I'm the king of.." <--> "ROCK"
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/run_dmc/tougher/soul_to.dmc.txt
"I'm the king of.." <--> "ROCK", "I'm the king of.." <--> "ROCK"
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/run_dmc/tougher/soul_to.dmc.txt
"I'm the king of.." <--> "ROCK", "I'm the king of.." <--> "ROCK"
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/saucemon/middle/finger_u.smn.txt
Wanna-be rap brothers--ruggers--, bitin ass niggas who love us
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/scrwball/Y2K/who_shot.sbl.txt
--If you see a devil, smash him--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/shaq/cantstop/lovelost.shq.txt
seventy thirty, the ------ work for, work for me
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/shaq/cantstop/reign.shq.txt
blessin' ------ that act legends, and vigers,
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/shaq/cantstop/reign.shq.txt
from wanting to be large to head ------ in charge,
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/sirmixal/return/aintsta.srm.txt
Little square ass mark boy, you ain't no gangsta----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/spice_1/187wrote/187wrote.sp1.txt
18--187 me say the murder the murder he wrote--- blooooow
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/tlc/tip/babybaby.tlc.txt
I require plenty conversation with my se------x
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/tash/rap_life/ricochet.tsh.txt
If you a -- "Why do niggaz shoot?" -- ("Alright, okay" - Mos Def)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/clickthe/dwndirty/getdrunk.clk.txt
Cuz me and D-Shot big ---- and Dan
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/grouch/theydont/you_see.grh.txt
To others he was a bidi fiend--a weirdo--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/high_and/hmefield/prospect.hnm.txt
Come a little tighter, pull the all-nighter... --The High and The Mighty--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/high_and/hmefield/prospect.hnm.txt
Where the light intense, dope rhymes dispense... --Here go the Evidence--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/high_and/hmefield/prospect.hnm.txt
--You now tuned into Evidence!--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/high_and/hmefield/prospect.hnm.txt
--DEFARI--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/high_and/hmefield/prospect.hnm.txt
And now we do it Coast to Coast like the Liks --The magnificent--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/last_emp/mm_and_m/wars_one.emp.txt
--Dig this and dig it deep--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/roots/doyawant/lazy.rts.txt
------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/roots/doyawant/lazy.rts.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/roots/doyawant/lesson1.rts.txt
I run a--motherfuckin-rap--muk
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/roots/halflife/hypnotic.rts.txt
Driftin ------- (driftin)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/roots/halflife/hypnotic.rts.txt
Driftin ------- (driftin)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/roots/halflife/hypnotic.rts.txt
Driftin -------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/roots/halflife/hypnotic.rts.txt
Driftin -------http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/lostboyz/legal/allright.lbz.txt
That hold nine, got ta ----http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/threesix/lastwalk/lkemoney.666.txt
---------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/3Xdope/original/crush_rm.3xd.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/3Xdope/original/crush_rm.3xd.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/3Xdope/original/crush_rm.3xd.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/magootim/shockval/bombay.tmb.txt
--- translation assembled from Google and AZlyrics; apologies for errors ---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/magootim/welcome/peepin.mag.txt
I said----(Repeats verse one)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/tnytouch/maker/piece.tt5.txt
--Tony Touch--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/tnytouch/maker/piece.tt5.txt
--The incredible... DJ--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/tnytouch/maker/piece.tt5.txt
--The tables turn--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/tnytouch/maker/piece.tt5.txt
--relay that one time--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/tnytouch/maker/piece.tt5.txt
--OK, Tony Touch--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/tnytouch/maker/piece.tt5.txt
--is so tremendous--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/tnytouch/maker/piece.tt5.txt
--Tony touch--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/trickdad/holiday/rags_to.tdd.txt
And im'a let it go, like --boom--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/trickdad/thugsare/99.tdd.txt
A Ho bitch who be fuckin her friends ----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nwa_10th/aintruff.r10.txt
The Rider is back and he is about to attack -----> W.C.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nwa_10th/aintruff.r10.txt
The Rider  -----> W.C.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nwa_10th/aintruff.r10.txt
Alright, man   -----> W.C.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nwa_10th/aintruff.r10.txt
The shadiest is back, nigga, hide your sack -----> W.C.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nwa_10th/aintruff.r10.txt
Let bust a freestyle here  -----> W.C. 
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nwa_10th/aintruff.r10.txt
The Rider is back, to still ball of Yak -----> W.C.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nwa_10th/aintruff.r10.txt
The Shadiest is back, nigga, hide you sack -----> W.C.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nwa_10th/aintruff.r10.txt
Let bust a freestyle here  -----> W.C. 
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/nwa_10th/aintruff.r10.txt
The Rider is back, fools best to 'yak -----> W.C.
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/warren_g/takelook/i_shot.wrg.txt
--Chorus--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/warren_g/takelook/i_shot.wrg.txt
--Chorus--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/warren_g/takelook/i_shot.wrg.txt
--Chorus--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/warren_g/takelook/i_shot.wrg.txt
--Chorus--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/westside/bow_down/bow_down.wst.txt
--Hook--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/westside/bow_down/bow_down.wst.txt
--End Hook--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/westside/bow_down/bow_down.wst.txt
--Hook--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/westside/bow_down/world.wst.txt
--Hook--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/westside/bow_down/world.wst.txt
--Hook--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/westside/bow_down/world.wst.txt
--Hook--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/westside/bow_down/world.wst.txt
--Hook--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/westside/bow_down/world.wst.txt
--Hook--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/westside/bow_down/world.wst.txt
--Hook--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/frprince/big_will/big_will.jfr.txt
like my ------ don't stink
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/frprince/big_will/nothin.jfr.txt
with some more hot top notch ---- for you to cop
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/frprince/code_red/twinkle.jfr.txt
---Chorus---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/frprince/code_red/twinkle.jfr.txt
---Chorus---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/frprince/code_red/twinkle.jfr.txt
---Chorus---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/frprince/code_red/twinkle.jfr.txt
---Chorus---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/frprince/code_red/twinkle.jfr.txt
---Chorus---
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/wyclef/carnival/tryin.fge.txt
check the spellin, R E--F U G E--E get the cd from Sam Goody he he
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/x_raided/psycho/fuckin.xrd.txt
Dont fuck with a b----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/young_mc/stone/know_how.ymc.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/young_mc/stone/know_how.ymc.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/young_mc/stone/know_how.ymc.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/54_plat/54_plat/holdinit.54p.txt
5-4... 5-4... 5-4... 5-4... 5-4... (<---- Repeated several times)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ali/starch/c_plate.ali.txt
(Nelly and Ali----talk faintly in the back)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/archie/ride_wit/every_is.arc.txt
---------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/jedimind/violent/ensemble.jmt.txt
Forged upon the anvils of Prophestus ------ hand skills
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/b_beesh/u_cartel/mysideof.bee.txt
To put the pancakes on plate ( ?----------? )
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/bin_star/water/one_army.bin.txt
my strategies turn MCs into P.O. ----- W.'s
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/bin_star/water/world.bin.txt
Decom--decom--decom--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/bknights/every_n/realtalk.bkn.txt
--beat kicks in--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/bluexile/belowthe/dancing.blu.txt
Dance -- slow -- in -- the -- rain
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/reggae/blacksur.mar.txt
Here we go ----------> Chuck D
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/reggae/blacksur.mar.txt
I Gotta gets Mine ----------> Chuck D
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/reggae/blacksur.mar.txt
Here we go ----------> Chuck D
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/reggae/blacksur.mar.txt
I Gotta gets Mine ----------> Chuck D
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/reggae/blacksur.mar.txt
Here we go ----------> Chuck D
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/reggae/blacksur.mar.txt
I Gotta gets Mine ----------> Chuck D
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/reggae/blacksur.mar.txt
I Gotta gets Mine ----------> Chuck Dhttp://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/buddha/reloaded/chillwit.bud.txt
Other guys out there only givin' a mouth full of ----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/chanlive/armaghet/ghettobi.liv.txt
----Beat Fades Out----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/choclair/what_it/b_style.cho.txt
and milk some ----- out in 'Saga city
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/choclair/what_it/b_style.cho.txt
yo people claim they hard rocks but never stop ------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/choclair/what_it/b_style.cho.txt
huh shut up and ---- it
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/choclair/what_it/it_takes.cho.txt
and milk some ----- out in 'Saga city
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/choclair/what_it/it_takes.cho.txt
yo people claim they hard rocks but never stop ------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/choclair/what_it/it_takes.cho.txt
huh shut up and ---- it
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/d12/d_night/wordsare.d12.txt
----- 
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danjamwf/wordmowf/14ladies.mwf.txt
Down by my ---- .. O my gosh number six!
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danjamwf/wordmowf/14ladies.mwf.txt
So she climbed on top and number fourteen ------ -- .....http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danjamwf/wordmowf/make_hot.mwf.txt
"The---the---(uh!)the-the world keeps burning!" (uh-huh!)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danny/charm/what_now.dan.txt
after the concert -- which was hot, by the way -- you know?  
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danny/charm/what_now.dan.txt
I'm sorry -- my girl, you know, I love her -- I really love her,
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danny/charm/whereyou.dan.txt
husband -- who is a truck driver -- we don't believe he's aware of the
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/danny/FOOD/wegonmak.dan.txt
And kept the last name -- "is that Swain?" -- daggit, he's hot
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/dre_dog/cwadevil/the_god.ddg.txt
---------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/iam/l_ecole/la_saga.iam.txt
-- PRODIGAL SUN --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/iam/l_ecole/la_saga.iam.txt
-- TIMBO KING --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/iam/l_ecole/la_saga.iam.txt
-- AKHENATON --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/iam/l_ecole/la_saga.iam.txt
-- PRODIGAL SUN --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/iam/l_ecole/la_saga.iam.txt
-- DREDDY KRUEGER --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/iam/l_ecole/la_saga.iam.txt
-- PRODIGAL SUN --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/iam/l_ecole/la_saga.iam.txt
-- SHURIK'N --
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ill_bill/earlyyrs/murder93.ill.txt
Ashes burnt, ?-----?
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/jedimind/violent/s_cobras.jmt.txt
Look into the eyes of a *nigga* who fell" -----> Buckshot
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kardinal/eyeandI/bellee.kar.txt
So should you, or your crew could get f----- up by one dub
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kardinal/firevol1/gottaget.kar.txt
This ain't no motherfu---- verse, I write movies
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/kardinal/firevol1/gottaget.kar.txt
Let the motherfu---- beat ride
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/la_chat/dramatze/roundand.cht.txt
--------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/la_chat/dramatze/roundand.cht.txt
Nigga ---- while I stay out on the grind
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/labtek/hustlaz/feelings.lab.txt
Rivers of memories baptize me  (--I truly feel--)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/labtek/hustlaz/feelings.lab.txt
I can't deny the energy that drives me  (--therefore it's real--)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/little_b/justus4a/ctlremix.bro.txt
Get real, LB and  ---- form unholy alliances
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/lyr_born/later_td/do_that.brn.txt
--------?
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/lyr_born/later_td/do_that.brn.txt
--------?
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/machoman/be_a_man/gonna_be.man.txt
Watch what ya say before the ----go bam
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mathemat/problem/brk_that.mat.txt
How I'm going outer space, ---- -- be in the house
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mathemat/problem/coachtlk.mat.txt
Round ---- that's that coach talk
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mathemat/problem/coachtlk.mat.txt
Too many ladies on my -- whew -- so I'm lovin' them right, uh-huh
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mathemat/problem/tommy.mat.txt
Three-two, Eyes ----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/messymrv/exp_mode/money.qnn.txt
--==San Quinn==--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/messymrv/exp_mode/money.qnn.txt
--==Messy Marv==--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/messymrv/exp_mode/money.qnn.txt
--==San Quinn==--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mexican7/gods_ass/funcion.777.txt
Con grande ----------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mexican7/gods_ass/guerrero.777.txt
------------------------ A Murda!
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mexican7/gods_ass/guerrero.777.txt
--------------------watch a switch----------A Murda!
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mexican7/gods_ass/guerrero.777.txt
we are here to ---------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mexican7/gods_ass/guerrero.777.txt
And if you bump ----------------------- 
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/molemen/ritualof/chal_me.mol.txt
------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/molemen/ritualof/chal_me.mol.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/molemen/ritualof/chal_me.mol.txt
------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/muzion/mmm/le_tome3.muz.txt
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/nastyboy/first/az_side.nbk.txt
------ Now who wants to take a trip(echoe)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pacewon/won/step_up.pac.txt
--Step Up-- *echoes* All them niggaz out there
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pacewon/won/step_up.pac.txt
I tell em --Step Up-- *echoes*
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pacewon/won/step_up.pac.txt
I tell em --Step Up-- *echoes*
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pacewon/won/step_up.pac.txt
I tell her --Step Up-- *echoes*
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pacewon/won/step_up.pac.txt
Then you can --Step Up-- *echoes*
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pacewon/won/step_up.pac.txt
Keep my rep up, rappers want somethin tell em --Step Up-- *echoes*
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/potna_d/welcome/feel_da.pot.txt
G-- guts to the rush -- mad
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/potna_d/welcome/feel_da.pot.txt
-- fingers in the gat-- partner
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ray_cash/cash_on/bumpinmy.ray.txt
[--Verbal--]
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/sfrancis/stillsck/comecome.sge.txt
It's all fun and games. It's all done in vane. It's all a ----ing shame
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/baby/birdman/we_got.brd.txt
Gotta ------------------------------ when she want it
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/baby/fstmoney/getitall.brd.txt
Dang, -----------is on the curve
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/baby/fstmoney/we_got.brd.txt
Gotta ------------------------------ when she want it
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/baby/fstmoney/we_got.brd.txt
Gotta deep stroke if ya' deep throat-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/baby/fstmoney/we_got.brd.txt
------------ get it play by play
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/l_and_b/bone_bro/everyday.bne.txt
Realize, telly warn me to long --before-- we wake up and the world
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/l_burna/not_game/thugged.bne.txt
----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/gza/protools/0finance.gza.txt
-----"PROTOOLS"-----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ccclique/the_army/if_crunk.ccc.txt
--repeat 4x--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ccclique/the_army/if_crunk.ccc.txt
--repeat 4x--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/color_cc/the_army/if_crunk.ccc.txt
--repeat 4x--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/color_cc/the_army/if_crunk.ccc.txt
--repeat 4x--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/siahyesh/visualz/day_like.syd.txt
-----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/siahyesh/visualz/day_like.syd.txt
-----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/souljaby/dem_3030/yahbitch.boy.txt
(Yah---Laughing---Yahhhh, Bitch)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/street/educatn/the_og.lfe.txt
Throw on the mask----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ambassa/christ/holdyour.amb.txt
The whole man---mind, body, and soul---sin's controlin'
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ambassa/christ/psalm_23.amb.txt
The Lord just rocks me---huh---what can I say
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/arsonist/date_of/respect.ars.txt
----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/arsonist/date_of/what_you.ars.txt
----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/thecross/c_ology/holdyour.tcm.txt
The whole man---mind, body, and soul---sin's controlin'
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mndcloud/fake_it/falselst.mnd.txt
For your --?-- gravel
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/the_team/n_league/on_one.the.txt
------------> 2x
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/the_team/n_league/on_one.the.txt
------------> 2x
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/the_team/n_league/on_one.the.txt
------------> 2x
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/lord_t/mkereign/startin.gnz.txt
See you got the know------------just wanna be
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/unknown/worldpre/never.unk.txt
remember me the one that does give a --what--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/unknown/worldpre/never.unk.txt
And everyone that came to the jam --like damn--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/yella/onemonig/dats_how.yel.txt
Uh, real Compton City Gs ----> B.G. Knocc Out
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/sltremix.bey.txt
-------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/sltremix.bey.txt
-------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/sltremix.bey.txt
-------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/sltremix.bey.txt
-------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/sltremix.bey.txt
-------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/sltremix.bey.txt
-------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/sltremix.bey.txt
-------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/sltremix.bey.txt
-------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/sltremix.bey.txt
-------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/r_and_b/sltremix.bey.txt
-------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/lil_rob/s_smokin/wicked.rob.txt
------------------------------------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/rap_comp/birth/savior.jay.txt
You like a terror orgy, you rap niggaz ---- bore me
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/ultra/big_time/aint_no.ult.txt
[-- unknown emcee --]
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/back_up.pmd.txt
--..so back up or get smacked up--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/back_up.pmd.txt
--act up, ya punk niggaz.....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/back_up.pmd.txt
--act up, ya punk niggaz.....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/back_up.pmd.txt
--back up or get smacked up--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/back_up.pmd.txt
--act up, ya punk niggaz.....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/back_up.pmd.txt
--act up, ya punk niggaz.....--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/back_up.pmd.txt
--back up or get smacked up--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/back_up.pmd.txt
--act up, ya punk niggaz.....--    *fade*http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/herethey.pmd.txt
--Here they come just like I flip--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/herethey.pmd.txt
--And can't rep with a motherfuckin Hit Squad--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/herethey.pmd.txt
--Here they come just like I flip--
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/pmd/shade/herethey.pmd.txt
--And can't rep with a motherfuckin Hit Squad--http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/alkahol/likwidat/captain.alk.txt
Cause he be worried bout his hook so he could get a spin from [------]
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/alkahol/likwidat/captain.alk.txt
[-----] but Rico, blow them type niggaz through the rooftop
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/alkahol/likwidat/captain.alk.txt
Cause [------] only plays you if you R&B or Tupac
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/t-pain/thr33/chopped.tpn.txt
You've officially been s--c--r--e--w--e--d
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/heavy_d/peaceful/let_rain.hvd.txt
---------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/hip-hop/gangsta.8mi.txt
("Gangstas") <---- Snoop Dogg
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/wrestle/dontsuck.wwe.txt
I don't -- SUCK!  I don't -- SUCK!
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/wrestle/dontsuck.wwe.txt
I don't -- SUCK!  I don't -- SUCK!
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/wrestle/dontsuck.wwe.txt
I don't -- SUCK!  I don't -- SUCK!
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/wrestle/dontsuck.wwe.txt
I don't -- SUCK!  I don't -- SUCK!
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/mortisab/level_me/claustro.mor.txt
Rejection-- Hurt-- gossip--inept person
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/wrestle/cy_digit.wwe.txt
---------------------------------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/reggae/hopera.bkl.txt
Yo, this is a sound clash, you ain't fit for the job, you're----,
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/hip-hop/mensteel.stl.txt
(It don''t stop)<---overlaps last line--->(It don't stop)
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/hip-hop/spdknots.cdv.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/hip-hop/spdknots.cdv.txt
------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/misc/hip-hop/spdknots.cdv.txt
-------
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/el_zazen/halffull/no_surv.zaz.txt
----
http://lyrics.chicagobooth.edu/FinalData.OctNewKeepAndAnonymous/el_zazen/halffull/no_surv.zaz.txt
----
